Run the genlang.py script from the top level wxWidgets directory to
update include/wx/language.h (wxLanguage enum), interface/wx/language.h
(its documentation) and src/common/languageinfo.cpp (conversion tables)
with the data from langtabl.txt, synonymtabl.txt, and scripttabl.txt.

langtabl.txt contains a tabular list of language entries. Each entry
contains

- a symbolic language identifier used in enum wxLanguage,
- a wxWidgets version when the entry was first introduced (a hyphen if not known)
- a BCP 47-like locale identifier,
- a Unix locale identifier,
- a Unix locale identifier including a region id (if the default Unix
  locale identifier does not include a region identifier) (mainly for
  compatibility with wxWidgets version below 3.1.6),
- numeric Windows language identifier (1),
- numeric Windows sublanguage identifier (1),
- language and region description in English
- language and region description in native language.

scripttabl.txt contains a list of 4-letter script codes and their
aliases (English) based on the ISO 15924 standard (2), restricted to
entries for which aliases are defined. This list is used in wxWidgets
to convert between script code used in BCP 47-like identifiers and
script modifiers used in Unix locale names. The data in (2) can be used
to update scripttabl.txt if necessary.

synonymtabl.txt contains a list of aliases for symbolic language identifiers.
This list is used to generate specific entries in wxLanguage enumeration.

Note: None of the files langtabl.txt, synonymtabl.txt, and scripttabl.txt should be
edited manually. Instead these files should be regenerated under Windows 11 or
above.

Windows provides an extensive list of locales. This list is used to regenerate
the files langtabl.txt, synonymtabl.txt, and scripttabl.txt. The subdirectory
util contains the C source of a small utility application that queries Windows
for a list of known locales.

2 additional tools are required to perform the regeneration process:

1) SQLite3 shell
   Precompiled binaries can be downloaded from https://www.sqlite.org/download.html.
   The download link is under the heading "Precompiled Binaries for Windows" and
   looks like "sqlite-tools-win32-x86-3xxyyzz.zip" (where xx, yy, zz denote the
   current SQLite version). Alternatively, the SQLite shell can be compiled from
   sources - the archive "sqlite-amalgamation-3xxyyzz.zip" contains the required
   source files.

2) Lua shell
   Precompiled binaries are available at https://luabinaries.sourceforge.net/.
   Download lua-x.y.z_Win32_bin.zip or lua-x.y.z_Win64_bin.zip (where x, y, z denotes
   the lua version) from the download page. Rename the executable luaxy.exe to
   luashell.exe or adjust the batch file mklangtablnew.bat accordingly.

The regeneration process consists of the following steps:

1) Regenerate the list of known Windows locales (optional)
   This step is usually only required when a new major Windows version is published.
   The utility showlocales should be invoked from a command prompt as follows:

     showlocales > win-locale-table-win.txt

   The resulting file win-locale-table-win.txt has to be placed into subdirectory
   data/windows.

2) Update the Unicode data files (optional)
   This step is only required when the Unicode data were actually updated.
   To perform this step execute the batch file getunicodefiles.bat, located in the
   data subdirectory.

3) Regenerate langtabl.txt, synonymtabl.txt, and scripttabl.txt
   To perform this step execute the batch file mklangtablnew.bat, located in the
   data subdirectory. The new versions will be placed in the data directory.

4) Check resulting new files langtabl.txt, synonymtabl.txt, and scripttabl.txt
   The messages from step 3 issued by the batch file and the resulting files should
   be carefully checked. If no errors occurred, the batch file replacetables.bat
   can be executed.

5) Run the Python script genlang.py from the top level wxWidgets directory.

6) Commit the changes.

Notes:
1) Do not perform the regeneration process for older wxWidgets versions.
   The scripts expect the data table files in a new format that was first introduced
   in version 3.3.0.
2) If you need to add locales not present in the list of known Windows locales, then
   they should be added at the end of the script win_genlocaletable.lua.

Footnotes
(1) used on Windows only, deprecated by Microsoft
(2) http://www.unicode.org/iso15924/iso15924-codes.html
