wxWindows regex
----------------
This is a version of Henry Spencer's regex,
which was taken from postresql, which was
taken from the source of TCL (Toolkit Command Language).

This is version of Henry Spencer's library is
modified by the wxWindows team.  The modifications
made by the wxWindows team are as follows:
regcustom.h (all code)
regex.h (function wrappers, other)
regc_locale.c (A function or two).
All the rest (Using standard c library routines instead of
              postresql routines, various cleanup/optimizations)

The code that is wxWindows-specific is as follows:
regcustom.h (all code, see comments on how to replace)
regex.h (where noted with comments, compiler workarounds)
regcomp.c (a few of the functions prefixed with wx_,
	   these may be replaced by c library routines)

This newer library was chosen over the old one because
Henry Spencer's old library did not support unicode and
had some other bugs that were fixed by this one, and
the license was incompatible with the wxWindows license
and the gpl.

Modifications made by the wxWindows team are not licensed.


The original readme (from the TCL distribution) follows:

alpha3.8 release.
Tue Aug 10 15:51:48 EDT 1999
henry@spsystems.net  (formerly henry@zoo.toronto.edu)

See WHATSNEW for change listing.

installation notes:
--------
Read the comments at the beginning of Makefile before running.

Utils.h contains some things that just might have to be modified on
some systems, as well as a nested include (ugh) of <assert.h>.

The "fake" directory contains quick-and-dirty fakes for some header
files and routines that old systems may not have.  Note also that
-DUSEBCOPY will make utils.h substitute bcopy() for memmove().

After that, "make r" will build regcomp.o, regexec.o, regfree.o,
and regerror.o (the actual routines), bundle them together into a test
program, and run regression tests on them.  No output is good output.

"make lib" builds just the .o files for the actual routines (when
you're happy with testing and have adjusted CFLAGS for production),
and puts them together into libregex.a.  You can pick up either the
library or *.o ("make lib" makes sure there are no other .o files left
around to confuse things).

Main.c, debug.c, split.c are used for regression testing but are not part
of the RE routines themselves.

Regex.h goes in /usr/include.  All other .h files are internal only.
--------
